They will have to ask Mark do dependent independent and independent not persist is persistent and not
persistent.
So what do you do this more by default it creates a hard this automatically shows dependence dependence.
That's mean our moment.
This can be use it for our snapshots.
We're going to talk about post-nuptial later but the dependent disc are included in our Snapshot.
That's me.
This one can be use it to create our Snapshot.
But when we chose independence and the option resistant that's me challenge are immediately and permanently
right into the disk persistent disk are most affected by snapshot where we chose independence.
We can't create a snapshot to this virtual machine.
This machine will not give you the ability to create a stopwatch for this one.
And when we chose system that man will write to the disk directly without any problem.
But when we disable does not in this host but all the child would be civies where we chose independence
no persistent charge to disk are discarded when your power of your virtual machine or revert to the
snap shot.
The third option non-persistent but me you make this hard driver in Job.
That's me.
You push the operating system in that hard drive or your application or anything inside this machine.
And when you change the disk more independent non-persistent that's mean any use that is dismiss your
machine tried to install any software inside this machine deletes any filed anything.
When this machine powered off and try to put it on again it spoke to preview a configuration that you
left it when you chose the disk mode not persistent.
It's like you use a software what's called deep freeze software was our redefined most in cyber coffee
or in a public computer we used non-persistent that's mean anyone can use this machine to connected
to internet to try doing some homework or for example in the library when you have a desktop or laptop
use it for the public students in our library.
Students can create some application can install some software can you did something in the operating
system etc..
But to save your machine from every time you need to get this machine and try to fix the problem you
chose independent not persistent and no matter what the challenge happened for this machine it would
just simply power off and on and on the child will discard and your virtual machine will back to the
states that you make it in the preview time.
So it's like when is the Duprees when your power of the vision machine.
The data and the history dilated and the virtual machine back to do trivial state before using do not
persistent.
So this is the option of the persistent and non-persistent and we always chose dependence.
If you want to use the snap shot the individual the mode.
Scalzi.
Of course we chose the kind of cable that we want this hard disk connected the motherboard the virtual
motherboard on this virtual machine connected to the Virtual Hard Disk we do control or we do I do zero.
I do one or SATA controller and we have some version of the star.
It is information about the speed and the option for each of those subtle so mixed with Discover the
other option we have in our virtual machine.